themselves are very important, one is the region and other is that availability so, right.
Regions that, okay I will show you guys the thing as well, but regions means that there
are geographical dispersed locations where AWS, AWS, SS, their data centrally, right.
So, apparently there are 37 regions to operate, right.
Then what happened that for each region, for example I will say this is the map of the world, right.
And this map shows that there are 37 regions, for example this one I showed you, now I will just
tell you about it. So, there are 37 regions. So, for each region, for each region which
is geographically dispersed, there are, this is one region. So, for one region, there are
minimum three availability maps, right. So, for each region, there are the various regions
known as these, the various regions have the data sellers and these ways these are interacting
with each other, right. So, what is happening there are part of it means to some kind of
disaster happen, they can migrate their resources and you must know things, other available
regions, these are within their region. Right. So, in high availability, if you are in this
region and you can use this availability one, maybe you can, if you are making a delay,
you can change your availability as well, as well with this region. Right. So, these are
just regions, I have just the data sellers. So, each region has minimum of three availability,
right. Then comes the local zone, as I was discussing with you about this CDN that there
should be some kind of thing as you see, right. So, what is happening that there in some
quality local zone, these same concept here, concept of the delay, to make you get that
delay, what is happening the regions have the local zones and these local zones are closer
to the users and they can get their data without any delay. So, the data cash it here and
then the users can access these resources, right. So, if you are looking to this type,
there are these are these regions available for the world, right. And for over application
for this type of piece, they show that you have to use this, not original, right, because
it is not very expensive. Please, they show that this often for the city, don't use that,
because if you are using a city, you will have to get more charges, okay.
So, it is fine, I will show you.